so you and the president President Obama
are known to have a bromance you're
extremely good friends how often do you
talk do you see each other a lot we want
to see more actually actually do see
each other we keep in touch with one
another and and all those memes are
basically true he did the first
friendship bracelet so if you decide not
to run for president which I do just
want to editorialize you do have a gift
that not many politicians do if you're
likable to Republican attraction yeah I
know a lot of Republicans so you should
definitely consider it but if you don't
end up running for president what do you
want to do with the rest of your life I
want to stay involved that's why I have
a foundation at the University of
Pennsylvania with on foreign policy than
renamed a school foreign policy after me
the very people who had I run I would be
running the State Department with me
there and and Tony blinken a number of
really first-rate people the University
of Delaware set up the Biden foundation
there that it relates to all domestic
policy I have they gave me two and half
million dollars worth of staff to come
there and I'm keeping the cancer effort
going so you know both promise me dead
the promise was dead promise me you will
stay engaged he was comment to me when
dinner was dead I know no one loves me
more than you but I'm gonna be alright
no matter what happens dead promise me
you will what he meant by that was I
know he wanted me to stay engaged in the
things that were animated my life my
whole life and well you know we need you
guys to keep it going
for real look we're better position than
any country in the world own the 21st
century yes we own the 21st century and
we lead by not the power of the example
our power the power of our example
that's who we are
anyway I just AM optimistic about the
future and I think there's a lot you
have to hope for thank you thank you
thanks go buy it and guess what members
of our audience are all going home with
a copy of his pants
[Applause]